this is the most advanced form of
building things the world has ever seen
and that's that's Bonkers if you think
about it
[Music]
Computing Community is all about and
really magnifies it out
confident about what you do and you have
to be confident about what you believe
in
I think having a conference like this
and having the content and speaking a
language that other people understand is
really identifying I feel like a SAS
nerd in a way rather than trying to
motivate yourself or make yourself feel
better focus on discipline focus on
learning codify lessons
whatever your hero is they weren't born
that way they had to figure it out just
like you did but if you put all of those
different experiences together
[Music]
more of them right
right from everyone
it's worth taking a look at an intube a
different problems and saying well is
there a way for software to solve this
because in a lot of cases the answer
would be us
you don't do everything yourself right
so you gotta get everyone else to be
committed to a big long-term goal
building a team and a culture that knows
how to focus and yet grow at the same
time is a skill that I think I've honed
over the years the pressure's on us to
innovate and provide more value
constantly but not to be helicopter
parents I feel a responsibility to make
sure we win
the community is at the core of defining
not only who you are as a business but
who you could be
if you can get a cohort of people that
are simultaneously experiencing and
going through the same problem and put
them together so they can actually Talk
Amongst each other as they're learning
things that's really powerful
it's a community we've done amazing
things and I want to thank everyone for
being a part of it and I want to tell
myself in two years whatever disaster is
to look back at this moment that we as a
team and everyone here
did something amazing